Align claims path query for ISO mdocs with JSON-based credentials (#513)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

This section defines the semantics of a claims path pointer when applied to a
credential in ISO mdoc format.

The following rules MUST be followed:

* A claims path pointer into an ISO mdoc always contains at least two elements. The first two 
elements are of type string. The first element refers to a namespace and the second element refers to a data element identifier.
* The remaining elements can be used to provide a path into the value of the data element according to the following rules:
  * To address a claim within a data structure (i.e., map), append the corresponding key (string or integer).
  * To address an element within an array, append the index (as a non-negative, 0-based integer).
  * To address all elements of an array, append a null value.

Whether a non-negative integer is interpreted as a map key or an array index depends on the type of the currently selected data structure.

### Processing

In detail, the array is processed as follows:

> 1. Select the namespace referenced by the first component. If the namespace does not exist in the mdoc, abort processing and return an error.

Reviewer: Step 2 should explicitly be to select the value of the data element with the id that matches the second component (then subsequent one from the one after that). This makes the processing logic match the description above.

Author: I agree, this is missing.

2. Process each subsequent component as follows:
   1. If the currently selected element(s) are arrays, and the component is a non-negative integer, select the element at the given index in each array. If the index is out of bounds in a selected array, remove that array from the selection.
   2. If the currently selected element(s) are maps, and the component is a string or integer, select the element(s) associated with the key. If a selected element is not a map, abort processing and return an error. If the key does not exist in a selected map, remove that map from the selection.
   3. If the component is null, select all elements in each currently selected array. If any selected element is not an array, abort processing and return an error.
3. If the set of elements currently selected is empty, abort processing and return an error.

> The result of the processing is the set of selected elements contained within the selected namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result of the processing is the set of selected elements contained within the selected data element value, or the value itself.
```

This section defines the semantics of a claims path pointer when applied to a
credential in ISO mdoc format.

> 

Reviewer: I think this is clearer if we keep the first two always referencing the namespace element identifier. So: 

- A claims path pointer into an mdoc always contains at least two elements. The first two elements are of type string. - The first element refers to a namespace and the second element refers to a data
element identifier.
- The remaining elements are used to provide a path into the value of the element. 

<continue with a description of how to do arbitrary reference into the cbor structure>

Reviewer 2: +1

Reviewer 2: made a suggestion below

Author: @Sakurann @GarethCOliver pls review again. I applied Kristina's suggestion. But I want to note that we don't have that new MUST for JSON-based credentials.

Reviewer: We should be consistent between the two, no strong opinion.

Start with an array of two elements where the first element represents
the namespace and the second element represents the data element identifier in that namespace
and repeat the following until the full path is formed.
  * To address a claim within a data structure (i.e., map), append the corresponding key (string or integer).
  * To address an element within an array, append the index (as a non-negative, 0-based integer).
  * To address all elements of an array, append a null value.

Whether a non-negative integer is interpreted as a map key or an array index depends on the type of the
currently selected element.

### Processing

In detail, the array is processed from left to right as follows:

1. If the path contains fewer than two path components, abort processing and return an error.
2. Select the namespace referenced by the first path component. If the namespace does not exist in the mdoc, abort processing and return an error.
3. Select the data element with the data element identifier that matches the second path component. If the data element does not exist in the mdoc, abort processing and return an error.
4. Process each subsequent path components as follows:

>    1. If the currently selected element(s) are arrays, and the path component is a non-negative integer, select the element at the given index in each array. If the index is out of bounds in a selected array, remove that array from the selection.
>    2. If the currently selected element(s) are maps, and the path component is a string or integer, select the element(s) associated with the key. If a selected element is not a map, abort processing and return an error. If the key does not exist in a selected map, remove that map from the selection.
>    3. If the path component is null, select all elements in each currently selected array. If any selected element is not an array, abort processing and return an error.

Reviewer 3: I think something has gone wrong here when adapting the language - in the array case we're not dealing with the "what is not all the elements are an array" case, and the for maps the "If a selected element is not a map, abort processing and return an error." kind of feels like it can't happen because it's inside an "if all the current selected element(s) are maps".

```suggestion
   1. If all the currently selected element(s) are arrays, and the path component is a non-negative integer, select the element at the given index in each array. If the index is out of bounds in a selected array, remove that array from the selection.
   2. If all the currently selected element(s) are maps, and the path component is a string or integer, select the element(s) associated with the key. If the key does not exist in a selected map, remove that map from the selection.
   3. If the path component is null, select all elements in each currently selected array. If any selected element is not an array, abort processing and return an error.
   4. If none of the above applied, abort processing and return an error.
```

Author: Yep, that makes sense.
